subscribe to motorist recipe and hit the
bell icon to receive updates of all my
new recipes hello friends I'm Medora
welcome to Madrid recipe.com today I am
making stuffed chili cheese toast this
is really superb and yummy it gets nice
double layer of cheese and it just melt
in your mouth and it makes perfect party
starter or appetizer or snack dish it's
just yummy so for that here has some
bread slices now with the help of back
of spoon I'm going to press it in the
middle of this bread just to create some
space to be able to fit in our cheese
since we are going to make this into a
chili cheese toast perfect similarly
repeat the same process with the other
slice of bread
perfect that looks done now let's keep
this aside now take a poll and we are
going to make our cheese filling
so take some mozzarella cheese in a bowl
this is about a cup of mozarella cheese
in that goes in some diced tomatoes now
that is optional but it adds that
beautiful color and a little bit of time
in this chili cheese toast I have
decided this tomatoes then some
coriander leaves finely chopped
coriander leaves and now I'm adding
green chilies so these are about two to
three green chilies thinly sliced also
add a little bit of chili flakes that is
optional but since it's a chili cheese
toast it has to be nice and spicy
and a little bit of olive oil do this a
good mix
and here our chilli cheese toast filling
it's all ready now let's take this bread
and I'm gonna put a slice of cheese on
this bread and this is what will give
you the best chili cheese toast look at
that it fits in there really well
since this is chili cheese toast I'm
going to sprinkle some chili flakes over
this cheese slice that is again optional
if you don't eat spicy food you can just
keep that out and stuff in this cheese
mixture
[Music]
and similarly I'm gonna stop my rest of
the bread classes now here I have
stuffed all my cheese chili toasts and
here this tray is ready now I'm going to
pop this in the oven and bake this at
180 degrees Celsius for about 10 to 15
minutes
[Applause]
and here I have big Midas chili cheese
toast for exactly 10 minutes over 180
degree Celsius ma let's take that out
nice and bubbly look at them superb
now let me take one piece and cut data
for you look at this it has got that
nice perfect golden crust from the sides
as well as from the bottle looks nice
and crunchy now let's cut this in half
lovely
and here our cheese-stuffed chili cheese
toast are ready to look nice crunchy
yummy you get nice spice from this
cheese and it's perfectly crispy and you
get nice soft juicy texture from the
street super so enjoy this chili cheese
toast and join with us
in yet another episode of wondrous
recipe thank you for watching see you
sir
[Music]
you